hello very good everyone here chuches
and we are in a new video of gta 4
but it is in a video I would say special
because you are here with me and it Maikel
you will surely have seen with michael
I believe in a skin that I brought but good
equal aesthetic michael but the problem
is that the city of liberty city
has been infected and some people
they are normal, not like me, obviously
I do not get it yet but others are
zombies so they want to kill us like that
we're going to go out but I just
I do not think I do not think I do not think
can so what I'm going to do
I will put to see if I put it
to bryant that now you will see who is brian
you will recognize it in zero coma
there is the first one will be brian and the
second will be produce
there is behind me they are here
trevor and franklin well I called it
so that I come here to liberty city to
help me because something we will have to
do not there is the police also
like crazy
I do not know killing zombies there as I do not
I know I do not know what they are doing
then he has put me in my house and I have
had to call these people so that
come and help as you can see
exactly the same good are drinks and
frank and so let's go let's go for
outside and I want to kill kill zombies
that there are enough
thank you franklin less badly good this
it was a zombie but come on that just
infected did not have many features either
of zombies good to also say that no
they have say zombie traits like
were real zombies not if they are not
as crazy citizens who come to
you and basically it's worth and there are some that
yes and others that do not and how are they
listening there are shots are shots
Well, from the police, so you see that
people who attack others and that's why
infect and let's go what comes next
being a zombie so what I'm going to
put vale is going to be
at night
so that the night lasts longer
and to make it a bit more real
I'm going to take the shotgun because it 's
the most real here for an apocalypse
let's take our car let's go
well here is the police allied me
I'm taking the taxi
franklin drinks
We have pussy curry
I lose them
Wow
here there has been a big boy jam
look at the zombies look good not
it must be said but infected and look
kid is that always real what's coming
It is here in the car and brain
franklin shooting that is like it's
we had people at 5 a some time that
Look, we 're policemen, you have to see
where to go working if one climbs here the
people do not get the zombie
Look, it's running through that one is not there and
I believe in it but it's running to not
get infected basically let's go down
and look at this
I want to kill pussy zombies
[Music]
and there's quite a lot of zombie and it's the
mode is called contagion that as always
I'll leave the description so that what
see
and well you are here and now a skateboarder
professional good I had these zombies
OK
franklin clover is worth 622 we have come
since the saints especially has not
called or how the only one is infected
right now there is no ccoo has died
but but good nothing happens
come here to save liberty city to
see if we can do it because I do not think that
this is chaos this is an apocalypse
zombie not only because uncle does not die this one
has a thousand life what happens
so we 'll have to take guard
nothing happens
but you go to this
a zombie driver you know
the kids there or the ambulance
It's like crazy also looking for people
I do not know why because they are zombie this does not
has arrangement there is no cure for this
we have to go uncle I do not know where to go but
well I was more than anything to teach
honest and the truth is that they give
he hit an apocalypse
- Martin
good
OK
good thing is that this was not given in gta 5
it would be the most you know a zombie apocalypse
that is, zombie missions would have text
these for me of sandro guys at least
years
take your ass for a good 7 to 5 the
part but what is to split it here and
us with franklin michael god
I have 6 stars but I do the police
is busier now killing
zombies because this
new york- infected look have cut
even made kids streets so good
this past I do not trust a hair anymore
of the people
look uncle all infected
well I love the gt4 modes in
serious is 7 to 5 I started will be the support
because they're going to take it out if we're going to play and
I also have something else not prepared
because I have not installed yet in the
other side but I have one thing in
mind
in which bastards kill me
not coat the back
I have another thing thought that with these
three as there is a mod in gta 4 that would be
of bank robbery valencia yes that
we can rob a bank to 15 to 4 are
very cool
a policeman infects audio or good
kids how are you seeing this here
It's a fucking chaos but what has been
a chaos I do not know how I'm going to call the video
must put into cause zombie apocalypse
I'm I think I'll put it
maikel trevor and franklin in the town in
the zombie apocalypse and good cool
that is, this has to be filtered in 105
pc we have not died any this mod then
it ends then when they kill you I hope that
is activated with the f60 good and I'll leave
the description so well I hope that
you liked the truth that is
pretty cool I hope you try it and
the truth is that to make videos you are
very very very entertaining as you can see there
has stopped killing in the whole fucking video
and this is a non-stop is no longer like the
walking dead be always zombie not ever
they are going to finish you know
wa
careful care pussy special bando
fucking ass so good I think that they
I have taught taught enough as you see
we have come from the saints to free
city ​​to save them but this is going to be
very difficult and it will cost us the good to
michael a
I'm in the mouth but well so what
said I hope you liked it like
comfort a lot to see if we can
get to 300 likes and that I know that you
the mods of gta 4 cool so good what
said a greeting and see you in the
next goodbye